[Music]
25 time-saving beauty hacks for busy
girls life during the 21st century is no
bed of roses these days everyone is
always in a hurry here's a fantastic
list of some useful tips that will let
you spend less on beauty supplies and be
as stunning as ever it's time to improve
your beauty routine and achieve the
flawless look you've always dreamed of
don't miss out on our bonus to clever
tricks you need to know to look gorgeous
in summer i25 a new life for your dried
up mascara eyelash makeup has a lifespan
of about 3 to 6 months if you want it to
last longer use the following trick just
remember these are emergency tips and if
your skin gets irritated don't use this
mascara again first of all you should
always wipe the clumps off your mascara
brush to give a new life to your mascara
use eye drops put a couple of drops into
the tube pump it and shake it well you
can also put the tube into a mug filled
with hot water it will save your mascara
until you buy a new one
[Music]
24 Hollywood cat I look the perfect
Hollywood cat eye look is not that hard
to create
you only need to draw a line from the
outer corner of your eyes towards the
end of your eyebrow or towards your
temple then draw a line for the second
eye as well and check for symmetry use
eyeliner to draw a couple of dots or
dashes over the line it will help you
create an ideal contour without edges
connect the dots by drawing a straight
line
clean up any imperfections and sharpen
lines with a makeup remover pen 23 ideal
eyebrows for an excellent eyebrow design
you first eat the brush up your eyebrows
carefully then outline them and fill
them with color if you want a more
radiant look apply some highlighter just
below your eyebrow line voila
say hello to your new perfect eyebrows
[Music]
22 stunning eyeshadow in the morning
gently wash off any excess oils from
your face paying close attention to your
wiz apply a special foundation primer to
avoid eye shadows smudges
if the primer is applied well it
prevents makeup imperfections to make
the color of your eyeshadow deeper use a
light eye pencil first 21 dramatic eye
to make your eyelashes look fluffy apply
one layer of mascara and then use a
medium makeup brush go over the lashes
with skin powder be careful not to get
the powder into your eyes then apply a
second layer of mascara it's easiest if
you bend the brush at a 45 degree angle
22 in one mascara
if you don't have an eye pencil or
eyeshadow handy your mascara can help
you out take a thin brush and use some
of your mascara to apply like eyeliner
along the upper eyelid now you can use
the rest of your mascara to complete the
look 19 ideal eyelashes when applying
mascara use a business card credit card
or small piece of paper to hold over
your eyelids or cheek now you don't have
to worry about smudges this trick will
make you proud of your long and
luxurious eyelashes face number 18
conceal the flaws of your skin use
concealers of different colors to hide
flaws green concealer cancels out red
splotches and pimples knot it on the
flaws with your index finger or a sponge
if you want to conceal yellow or brown
pigment spots and freckles choose purple
or blue concealer also use concealer to
cancel out blue eye circles a frequent
mistake is to apply concealer with
several six strokes directly under your
eye this will highlight all the flaws
draw a kind of triangle and blend it out
carefully with your fingers 17 minimal
make-up an option for those who are
running very late
look up and apply eyeliner just over the
upper lash line this trick will make
your eyes seem big and your eyelashes
will get a nice fluffy look it's an easy
tip that will help you look gorgeous
without applying too much makeup 16 fix
your makeup quickly carefully dab your
face with a paper napkin
then apply powder to your chin P zone
under eye area and around your lip do
not apply powder to your cheeks to avoid
gloss use light powder for example a
mineral 1:15 flawless skin if you didn't
get enough sleep makeup would help you
look fresh in the morning
print your eyes with cold water and wipe
the under eye area with ice cubes this
trick removed swelling and makes your
skin look fresh and bright also use ice
to help minimize swelling and
inflammation for an even greater effect
try applying some vasoconstrictor nasal
spray pimples will be less noticeable
14 natural makeup remover did you know
that coconut oil is an excellent eye
makeup remover apply a little coconut
oil on a cotton pad and gently wipe your
eyelids with it remember that you
shouldn't rub at the delicate under-eye
skin 13 how to get rid of facial hair
cloggers recommend the following masks
recipe which will help you get rid of
unwanted facial hair forever blend 1
tablespoon oatmeal paste 2 tablespoons
of lemon juice 2 tablespoons of honey
and apply the mixture to your face let
it sit on the spot for 15 minutes then
wash it off with warm water use this
mask 2 to 3 times per week
12 how to prevent acne
you should know that in irritation can
cause acne irritation is anything that
rubs scratches or it comes into
prolonged contact with your skin so you
need to wash your face as gently as
possible when you're washing your face
at the sink make sure your hands barely
contact with your face when you're
washing your face in the shower don't
use your hands at all plus the water
flow over your face if you perform this
regimen twice a day you can expect great
results lips 11 elegant lifts here is an
easy tip for making your lips team full
and it only takes 15 seconds apply your
regular lipsticks earth and then use a
lighter shade of lip liner to color the
central part of your upper and lower lip
with your brush wide left to right and
blend the edges out to create a gradient
look add a bit of shiny lip gloss and
voila your lips look sexy and sumptuous
[Music]
ten to solve in your lips use a soft
toothbrush to cleanse your lip this kind
of massage lets the lipstick cover your
lips evenly and smoothly practice this
trick every day and you will see the
results within a few weeks 9 get rid of
chaplet this tip will help to heal
chapped lips almost instantly all you
have to do is press a wet green tea bag
against your lips for a couple of
minutes it will help to soothe the
unpleasant sensation and moisturize your
lips hair 8 perfect hair in a minute
being a busy lady doesn't mean you can't
get creative when choosing your
hairstyle apply some easy and elegant
hairdos that will accentuate both your
businesslike attitude and the with the
beauty of your hair if I need to look
more casual arises just a couple of
minutes will be enough to let your hair
down
[Music]
seven dry your hair without a towel to
dry your hair very quickly use a cotton
t-shirt instead of a towel the t-shirt
absorbs moisture better than a towel
besides if you leave it on overnight
you'll get the best natural curls the
next morning thick dry shampoo for
traveling dry shampoo or baby powder
will save you from excess oils on your
hair and scalp gently apply it to the
roots and your hair will look clean and
lush throughout the day 5 wake up with
the perfect hair style we've found an
excellent hairstyle solution for those
who like to sleep longer in the morning
twist your hair to make five or six mini
buns and fix them with pins before going
to bed you can wear a hairnet too in the
morning apply dry shampoo on your hair
and untwist the buns it's a fabulous
hairstyle for every occasion nails for
the bigs a broken nail
zillions of women put a lot of time care
and attention into their nails but going
to the salon every other week is getting
more and more expensive
you can quickly fix a broken nail at
home to do it just use a paper towel
grab a tiny piece of paper towel press
it onto your nail and apply some
transparent polish over it three to
remove nail polish BAM put two kitchen
sponges into a baby food jar leaving a
hole in the center then for nail polish
remover into the jar and insert your
finger into the center of the rolled
sponges broke until all the Polish is
gone this method is also great for
removing glitter polish to freshen up
your manicure
did you need to freshen up your manicure
don't have the time make sure to have
some glitter handy simply apply a layer
of clear polish over your old manicure
then roll it in glitter before it's dry
well on brand new sparkly nails when
you're finished painting dip your nails
in a bowl of ice water for about a
minute this trick helps solidify polish
all the way through not just on the top
one care of your cuticle before applying
nail polish use olive oil on your
cuticles it's a bonus moisturizer this
way you will be able to easily remove
the excess polish from the skin
surrounding your nails here's our bonus
to help you look gorgeous on the beach
bikini and straps to prevent razor bumps
apply deodorants the bikini line after
shaving to wear your favorite top use
the band-aids to hide your bra strap
simple but brilliant ideas aren't all of
these tips just amazing share them with
your friends they need to know these
hacks too don't forget to hit the like
button and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]